create table usuario(
nombreUser	varchar(45)	not null,
contraseña	varchar(45),
nombre		varchar(45),
apellido	varchar(45),
primary key(nombreUser));


create table tel_usuario(
nombreUser	varchar(45) 	not null,
telefono	integer		not null,
primary key(nombreUser,telefono));


create table transportista(
nombreTransp	varchar(45)	not null,
primary key(nombbreTransp));


create table operario(
nombreOp	varchar(45)	not null,
tipo		varchar(45),
primary key(nombreOp));


create table admin(
nombreAdmin	varchar(45)	not null,
primary key(nombreAdmin));


create table dispara(
NroEmbarque	varchar(45)	not null,
nombreTransp	varchar(45),	
horaSalida	datetime hour to minute,		
horaLlegadaEsperada	datetime hour to minute,
primary key(NroEmbarque));


create embarque(
NroEmbarque	varchar(45)	not null,
medio		varchar(45),
HoraLlegadaReal	datetime hour to minute,
primary key(NroEmbarque));


create table se_dirige(
NroEmbarque	integer		not null,
codigoPatio	varchar(45),
primary key(NroEmbarque));
		

create table traslada(
codigoLote	varchar(45)	not null,
NroEmarque	varchar(45),
primary key(codigoLote));


create table lote(
codigoLote	varchar(45)	not null,
creador		varchar(45),
descripcion	varchar(200),
primary key(codigoLote));
	

create table lugar(
codigoPatio	varchar(45)	not null,
nombre		varchar(45),	
capacidad	varchar(45),
descripcion	varchar(200),
primary key(codigoPatio));


create table tiene(
subZona		varchar(45)	not null,
zona		varchar(45),
cantidadVehiculo	integer,
primary key(subZona));


create table posee(
codigoPatio	varchar(45)	not null,
VIN		varchar(17)	not null,
nombreOp	varchar(45),	
fechaInic	date,
fechaFin	date,
horaInic	datetime hour to minute,
horaFin		datetime hour to minute,
ubicacionEstado	 varchar(45),
primary key(codigoPatio,VIN));


create table vehiculo(
VIN		varchar(17)	 	not null,
color		varchar(20)		
marca		varchar(45),
modelo		varchar(45),
anio		integer,
tipo		varchar(45),
primary key(VIN));


create table estado_vehiculo(
VIN		varchar(17) 	not null,
estado		varchar(45)	not null,
primary key(VIN,estado));


create table contiene(
VIN		varchar(17)	not null,
codigoInsp	varchar(45)	not null,
nombreOp	varchar(45)	not null,
primary key(VIN,codigoInsp,nombreOp));


create table inspeccion(
nombreOp	varchar(45)	not null,
codigoInsp	varchar(45)	not null,
horaInic	datetime hour to minute,	
horaFin		datetime hour to minute,
fechaInic	date,
fechaFin	date,
lugar		varchar(45),
primary key(nombreOp,codigoInsp));


create table img_inspeccion(
codigoInsp	varchar(45)	 not null,
imagen		varchar(100)	 not null,
primary key(codigoInsp,imagen));


create table danio_inspeccion(
codigoInsp	varchar(45)		not null,
danio		varchar(200)		not null,
descripcionDanio 	varchar(200),
primary key(codigoInsp,danio));
